cloud: update alert subscriber (#19461)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-alert-email.md

---
title: Subscribe via Email

> summary: Learn how to monitor your TiDB cluster by getting alert notification via Email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to monitor your TiDB cluster by getting alert notifications via Email.
```

---

# Subscribe via Email

TiDB Cloud provides you with an easy way to subscribe to alert notifications via email, [Slack](/tidb-cloud/monitor-alert-slack.md), and [Zoom](/tidb-cloud/monitor-alert-zoom.md). This document describes how to subscribe to alert notifications via email.

## Prerequisites

> - To subscribe to alert notification of TiDB Cloud, you must have the `Organization Owner` access to your organization or `Project Owner` access to the target project in TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To subscribe to alert notifications of TiDB Cloud, you must have the `Organization Owner` access to your organization or `Project Owner` access to the target project in TiDB Cloud.
```

## Subscribe to alert notifications

> **Tip:**
>
> The alert subscription is for all alerts in the current project. If you have multiple clusters in the project, you just need to subscribe once.

To get alert notifications of clusters in your project, take the following steps:

1. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-left-projects" /> in the lower-left corner, switch to the target project if you have multiple projects, and then click **Project Settings**.
2. On the **Project Settings** page of your project, click **Alert Subscription** in the left navigation pane.
3. Click **Add Subscriber**.
4. Select **Email** from the **Subscriber Type** drop-down list.
5. Enter your email address.
6. Click **Test Connection**.

    - If the test succeeds, the **Save** button is displayed.
    - If the test fails, an error message is displayed. Follow the message to troubleshoot the issue and then retry the connection.

7. Click **Save** to complete the subscription.

> Alternatively, you can also click **Subscribe** in the top right corner of the **Alert** page of the cluster. You will be directed to the **Alert Subscriber** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also click **Subscribe** in the upper-right corner of the **Alert** page of the cluster. You will be directed to the **Alert Subscriber** page.
```

If an alert condition remains unchanged, the alert sends email notifications every three hours.

## Unsubscribe from alert notifications

If you no longer want to receive alert notifications of clusters in your project, take the following steps:

1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com).
2. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-left-projects" /> in the lower-left corner, switch to the target project if you have multiple projects, and then click **Project Settings**.
3. On the **Project Settings** page of your project, click **Alert Subscription** in the left navigation pane.

> 4. In the row of your target subscriber to be deleted, and click **...**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the row of your target subscriber to be deleted, click **...**.
```

---
title: Subscribe via Email
summary: Learn how to monitor your TiDB cluster by getting alert notification via Email.
---

# Subscribe via Email

TiDB Cloud provides you with an easy way to subscribe to alert notifications via multiple channels. This document describes how to subscribe to alert notifications via Email.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

You ca
```

## Prerequisites

- To subscribe to alert notification of TiDB Cloud, you must have the `Organization Owner` access to your organization or `Project Owner` access to the target project in TiDB Cloud.

## Subscribe to alert notifications

> **Tip:**
>
> The alert subscription is for all alerts in the current project. If you have multiple clusters in the project, you just need to subscribe once.

To get alert notifications of clusters in your project, take the following steps:

1. Click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-left-projects" /> in the lower-left corner, switch to the target project if you have multiple projects, and then click **Project Settings**.
2. On the **Project Settings** page of your project, click **Alert Subscription** in the left navigation pane.
3. Click **Add Subscriber**.
4. Select **Email** from the **Subscriber Type** drop-down list.
5. Enter your email address.

> 6. Click **Test Connection** button.
> 
>     - If the test successes, the **Save** button is displayed.
>     - If the test fails, an error message is displayed. Follow the message for troubleshooting and retry the connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click **Test Connection**.

    - If the test succeeds, the **Save** button is displayed.
    - If the test fails, an error message is displayed. Follow the message to troubleshoot the issue and then retry the connection.
```

> 7. Click **Save** button to complete the subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Click **Save** to complete the subscription.
```

> Alternatively, you can also find a **Subscribe** button in the top right corner of the **Alert** page of the cluster. Clicking it will take you to the **Alert Subscriber** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also click **Subscribe** in the top right corner of the **Alert** page of the cluster. You will be directed to the **Alert Subscriber** page.
```

> If an alert condition remains unchanged, the alert sends email notifications every 3 hours.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an alert condition remains unchanged, the alert sends email notifications every three hours.
```
